{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs46\fsmilli23200 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I\'92ve lived so many satisfyingly, beautifully boring, human days, that the end of them and the end of me fills me with grief \'97 I\'92m always walking around with so much quiet, bittersweet grief.\'a0 Maybe I could escape it if I didn\'92t possess this inclination towards contemplating mortality;\'a0 I would much rather be mentally spending my time wedged in that sliver of life between night and sunrise instead of at the very end of the line. I\'92ll tell you why.\
The day is June 12th, 2021.\'a0 I\'92m 21 years old, and baked a few shades darker by Chicago\'92s summer sun and my two hour, socially-distanced graduation ceremony. And embarrassingly, in the almost two years that have followed, nothing has quite topped the moment I\'92m about to describe to you.\
I carry Californian peaches and kiwis to an afterparty of 150+ that has, somehow, miraculously, been crammed into an un-airconditioned room with blown out speakers. But, of course, this setup is a recipe for failure. The yellow-orange bruised peaches squelch in our hands as we retreat to the next apartment, with the only functional speakers strapped across our backs, blaring way too loudly for us to get away with it any other day of the year. There, in the boys\'92 apartment \'96 illuminated by the blue lights that every college boy thinks is the epitome of interior design \'96 we dance. And at 4.34 am, on June 13th, 2021, the drunk, much-too-beautiful remainder of the group pours out of the apartment and onto 55th street, en route to Lake Michigan one last time.\'a0 (Retroactively, I will tell you, I was so taken by their beauty that I forgot to ask myself if they cared about me at all. Or, perhaps, I willfully ignored the answer.)\
\'93We Gonna Rule the World\'85 don\'92t ya know, don\'92t ya know\'94 leaks out of the one speaker everyone refuses to abandon, and the boys pass the soccer ball from one side of the street to the other \'96 cars be damned. The street lights illuminate them yellow across the deep blue sky. (Only Chicago gets skies that color).\'a0 I talk to whoever happens to be near me about what the shape of our lives might be. When we get to the lake, it\'92s still too pitch black to see into. But I lack the fear that I normally do when staring at the depths.\'a0 We all stand there on the rocks and, God, I still remember the looks in everyone\'92s eyes: ecstatic, yet so, so sad. Ecstatic about life and everything it could be but sad about this colossal, unfathomable end. Slowly, the sun rises, and our lives end. The black water blues.\'a0 Dawn blushes pink at our gaze,\'a0 fire rips through the sky, and our lives begin. And in\'a0 a stroke of hubris,\'a0 I decide that everything that comes after that rising sun will be mine.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf0 Advertisement\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs46\fsmilli23200 \AppleTypeServices \cf0 There. That moment. That\'92s where I want to be forever; in the cusp between night and sunrise, where I can continually be rebirthed.\'a0\
But I\'92m 23 now, and I\'92ve suffered the blow of being set upon the world. I put up a good fight, but\'a0 I\'92m not sure I can fend off my inclination of contemplating mortality anymore.\
I\'92m prime fodder for the grasp of existentialism because I now have access to my life. It\'92s no longer this beautiful amorphous possibility. (An overdramatization, of course.) Prior to graduating, I packaged life into neat boxes: middle school, high school and then college. Each was a blockade to the real world, and there was no way to be anything until I cleared these blockades. And thus, they formed a protective barrier between my ego and the world. Now, if I don\'92t like my life, it\'92s my fault. I\'92m the only barrier between what I\'92m doing and what I\'92d like to be doing.\'a0 And this realization is simultaneously full of rapture and fear. I\'92m not beholden to a teacher deciding if I pass a class, or an interviewer deciding if I get the job. I\'92m a coworker of those who interviewed me. The power dynamic of my youth has dissolved and I can be whoever I want. But what do I actually want? And why am I not doing it?\
Thus begins the contemplation of what it means to have a human and finite life. As a member of adult society who now possesses her own life, how am I supposed to give it value?\'a0\
In this truly very fun and not at all dizzying\'a0 contemplation, I\'92ve found two truths so far, and, unfortunately, they\'92re most definitely contradictory.\'a0\
On one hand, in the grand scheme of time and the population of the world, our lives are not important. In this paradigm, there\'92s no use in attempting to give our lives value.\
On the other hand, the finite nature of our lives makes each moment significant. In fact, there\'92s an inversely proportional relationship between the length of our lives and the importance of each moment. The shorter our lives, the more important each moment becomes. In this paradigm, every moment must be spent doing the exactly correct Thing, whatever it may be.\
Both of these paradigms can be simultaneously true because of the different scales of importance they use. The former paradigm uses a global scale of importance, while the latter is relative to our individual experience.\
If you\'92re an overthinker, as I am, perhaps the solution is to manually choose which scale to use when evaluating your life. When the minutiae of life seems too large and overwhelming, maybe we can just be small specks in the vast ether of time and space. But when life is good, then, Oh, this moment is the sweet nectar of it all, and humankind has never experienced anything as full of awe as this.\
The friction that arises is that I am human, and I gear switch with error; I forget which philosophy I should be applying and when. But, perhaps, this friction and unease is a part of the joy of being human itself. How sweet it is that I have anything to worry about at all. How sweet it is that I am sitting here and writing about what it is to be.}