{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs46\fsmilli23200 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
	There\'92s a house in Delhi with my name on the address plate \'96 \'93S. Kshetrapal\'94 in lovely, sloping serif script. But it\'92s my grandparent\'92s house, with my grandfather\'92s name.\
	When I think of him , there\'92s this one scene in particular that unfolds like cinema: he stands by the partially ajar balcony door, closing it to the torrential monsoon that has come weeping in. From my vantage point on the stairs below, he seems huge \'96 a silhouette haloed by flashing lightning. Now I always feel him in flashes of light.\'a0\
	On May 12, 2019, I laid in my bed in Chicago while he lay in a hospital bed in Delhi, and at 1:12 am, I felt that blinding white light. I texted my Dad and he confirmed what I already knew: \'93S. Kshetrapal has passed. For those who believe in God, the electricity went out the same minute that he died.\'94\
He died a big death and I, S. Kshetrapal, and the rest of us, died a small one. We stopped existing to him at just the moment he stopped existing to us.\
	But I felt him right after he died. And then he began visiting my dreams. He would pace my brain, worrying about my brother and father. \'93Voh theek hoingain?\'94\'a0 Will they be okay?\'a0 The last way in which we occupied my grandfathers\'92 brain was\'a0 a family unit that was heaving with cracks. Brother and father on the verge of explosion, Phoops, Dhruv Bhai and I battling our own health issues.\
	The girl I was on May 12th, 2019 was someone else altogether. She was scared about the future but also so certain of herself. The summer before, smoke blotted out the San Francisco skyline and she, I,\'a0 wanted nothing more than to run across the sky with a burlap sack and stuff all the smoke away. But, I was too sick to even move. My skin was an oozing mess, that my doctors described as \'93weeping\'94 skin. It wept for me, I wept for me, my family wept for me. I didn\'92t look like myself anymore, I was so tired that I couldn\'92t engage in any of the activities I used to, and my friends didn\'92t know how to interact with me. And through that, I began to understand myself. Nothing I had known about myself existed anymore, so I had to reconstruct who I was. I healed.\'a0 But that snapshot of myself left with my grandfather.
\f1\fs22 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs46\fsmilli23200 \AppleTypeServices \cf0 	As time has passed and all of the daily minutia has come fluttering back in \'96 deadlines and timeliness and social banalities \'96 my clarity has passed as well. I\'92m stuck in the undulating, dilating overcast of trivial worries that pulls me away from myself. Every morning I wake up with a new resolve and have lost an old one. The world transforms from friend to foe and back again overnight. It\'92s strange how family tends to tether you. Their existence allows me to create my own. I don\'92t quite know how to reunite with myself amidst this din, without all the members of my family, but I do know that outputting something, anything, inches me closer to some sort of salvation. Writing, or dancing or drawing, or whatever else, feels like a prayer. And when I don\'92t pray, whatever is inside me burns me whole. So here\'92s my prayer, and here\'92s to the religion of creating.}